---
layout: post
title:  "Mawwiage"
date:   2016-02-01
---

With my fiancé, Bill, and my upcoming marriage, we clearly are in need of a wedding website, a staple of our current times for two joining in wedded bliss. I found this to be the perfect opportunity to use my current skills, while also expanding upon them by challenging myself to try out something new.

I had heard about Materialize, a responsive front-end framework, and thought this would be a perfect project to try it out on. 

Before jumping into the code, I wanted to get a proper style in mind. From existing wedding planning, we knew we want a fun, romantic, casual and goofy wedding. We even decided to pull some inspiration from one of our favorite movies, The Princess Bride. I had already decided “Mawwiage is what bwings us togethew today” was going to display on our custom favor koozies, thus a sprinkling of the clergyman’s speech felt highly appropriate for our website.

I knew I wanted a simple, one page website, only containing the most necessary information. I wanted the website to be fully responsive across any device given the audience of all my family and friends accessing the site on who knows what, who knows where. 

I planned out the basic sections and the content for each, arranging the flow of information down the page to correspond with relevant Princess Bride quotes. And then of course you have to display the cute and cheesy couple photos along the way! 

Once my content was all planned out, I jumped into Materialize. It took me awhile to understand the architecture of the files, and never working with a front-end framework before, see that there’s tons, and tons, and tons of code just waiting to be used. 

Given a need to rapidly develop a responsive site, I understand how using Materialize’s infrastructure could be hugely beneficial in a development process; however, for my personal project, I found it quite clunky with a bit too much code for what my project needed. 

I am very happy with the <a href="http://casiemattrisch.com/william-and-casie/" target="_blank">final product</a>, but I do think I might have been better off simplifying the weight of my project from coding the website from scratch. 

